[Music]
from your secret friend
let's play a game just me and you
any of this mean anything to you
you're becoming quite a celebrity
[Music]
[Applause]
why is he writing to you
if you are justice
please do not lie
what is the price for your blind
eye
[Music]
the hell are you supposed to be
i'm vengeance
this guy's crazy
[Music]
you're part of this too
oh my part of it
you'll see
now where to begin my mother named me
anola
which backwards spells alone
and yet we were always together
and it was wonderful she was my whole
world
[Music]
which leads me on to the second thing
you need to know a week ago i awoke
mother to find that my mother was
missing
and she did not return i'm presently on
the way to collect my brothers
mycroft and sherlock yes sherlock holmes
the famous detective my genius brother
he will have all the answers
where's your hat in your gloves well i
have a hat just makes my head itch
and i have no gloves my god a wild woman
brought up
a wild child who will make her
acceptable for society
she seems intelligent there are two
pearls you can take another
yours or the path others choose for you
it is time to find my mother the game is
a foot
if i have to stay hidden from my
brothers
i must become something
unexpected
a lady
[Music]
you've progressed nicely
is she safe she's had company i'm vice
camp chugespree a useless
boy you have to help me i'm not ready to
die on a train
i'm not ready to die at all and i wasn't
going to before i met you
what are you planning mother
she always had a reason for everything
her own way of doing things perhaps she
wants to change the world
perhaps it's a world that needs changing
come on unlike most well-bred ladies i
was never taught to embroider
i was taught to watch and listen
i was taught to fight i'm coming to find
you mother
you don't know how to embroider
i've been waiting for this moment for a
very long time
this is the one
this is the one that's going to change
everything
this is black adam
[Music]
five thousand years ago kondok was a
melting pot of cultures
wealth power and magic
yet most of us had nothing except for
the chains
around our necks khan dog needed a hero
instead they got me i did what needed to
be done
and they imprisoned me for it
now 5 000 years later
i'm free and i give you my word
no one will ever stop me again
last time it was no tennis
one of these bullets is like us
traveling
forwards through time the other one's
going backwards
you can tell which is which
how about now
[Music]
why does it feel so strange yeah
shooting the bullet
you're catching it whoa i didn't win
back in myself felt like hell first got
rich they pace yourself
and know you thrilling how i got my
strikes and penis backing
out in the street one is
for a diplomat
there are people in the future who need
us
[Music]
you get something i'm not gonna like
time isn't the problem getting out alive
that's a problem
[Music]
well i'm going so any tips will be
welcome ain't no time i'm facing scams
what do you think we're seeing
the detritus of a coming war
[Music]
you want to crash a plane well how big a
plane
that part is a little dramatic
last time in window tennis 3d pg-13
this world is not yet ready for all that
you will do
your time will come diana
and everything will be different
citizens of the world
i'm here to change your life
anything you want
[Music]
anything you dream of you can have it
look like you saw a ghost
diana lucky you it's like not one day
has passed
i don't want to be like anyone i want to
be an
apex predator
you've always had everything while
people like me have had nothing
well now it's my turn
get used to it
i've never been one for rules the answer
is always
more
the way i fly they will never find us i
forgot to tell you what
radar will they will they shoot at us
what did you do
you know i'm not so keen on this one i
figure uh you are but
you know what i'm ready to go i think we
can do better
parachute pants yeah um does everybody
parachute now
this is larry he just wants a friend
[Music]
how's his communication been going poor
guy still doesn't have any friends
[Music]
how come oliver still gets to use his
phone in class he's autistic dude
i just want to be your
friend
there's nobody but your mom and your dad
do you know how your nightmares aren't
real
neither are ghosts or ghouls
what are you staring at what's this
this is larry he isn't from the world
you know
larry just wants a friend
maybe we should stop reading will you be
larry's friend
he just wants a friend hello
this thing wants our son a friend
he just wants a friend stay
away from my son did you turn it on
finish
he just wants a friend right
[Music]
that david played and it pleased the
lord
but you don't really care
for music do you
it goes like this the fourth
the fifth the minor fall
the major lift the baffled
king composing hallelujah
[Applause]
[Music]
hello
i did my best it wasn't much
i couldn't feel it so i tried to touch
i've told the truth that it didn't come
i'll stand before the lord
[Music]
[Applause]
bye
[Music]
this guy's probably fought hundreds of
thousands of other super beings on the
other planets he's destroyed right and
we have to assume he's won
i don't care how many demons he's fought
and how many hells
he's never fought us not us united
hello hello this is a national crisis
we're seeing bleeding from the eyes uh
screaming find a place to hide and
stay there
it's been 17 16 42 days
i've been alone since day one i'm
running out of
everything i'm losing my mind
we're starting to see people fighting
back we do not
encourage this
are you sure it's safe in there yeah
yeah the fridge is pushed up against the
door
if no one's in there how could the
refrigerator be up against the door
you're not screaming you're not either
but you got blood there
i cut myself on something who were you
talking to earlier
it was uh me i talked to myself now
have you killed anybody yet
if we hold off as long as possible
they'll eventually starve and die
[Music]
i i don't know whether i agree with you
there
whoa get out of my apartment
anyone who survives will have to be
forgiven
unforgivable things
you know the deal successfully complete
the mission you get 10 years off your
sentence
welcome to ask force x these are your
brothers and sisters for the next few
days
[Music]
again
i think
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
it was a sea lizard six feet long
days it took to dig it out clean it
i was only 11 years old
it's in the british museum
that one was special
sonny i've often heard your reputation
discussed in the geographical society in
london
is there something you wanted sir my
wife
she hasn't been at all well of late she
suffers
from melancholia
i want her to walk the shoreline with
you
learn from you i'm not looking for an
apprentice
i would pay a premium for a private
audience
it's not easy work
[Music]
don't like the ward
what is it cheap tourist water
[Applause]
[Music]
beautiful
it pleases me you struck up a friendship
together
what is it something nothing
[Music]
don't want to go back to the life i had
before you what about my life
wes look at me hmm
i'm ovulating okay
take your pants off
how long have you been married seven
years
though most days it feels like a little
longer know
i just feel bad for guys like you
because you'll never have the capacity
to get your crap together to bring
somebody in
no luke i get it now you're not happy
you haven't accomplished what you want
but you just need some positive momentum
wow
and i promise you the momentum is going
to start to turn in your favor
she's in portland what who
maggie why maggie yeah so guess what
we're going to portland
you realize how long of a drive it is to
portland
tell me about this maggie what happened
between you
he made me feel hope
i wanted every day to feel like that
like anything was possible
oh she's looking at you
welcome to iv
we need a ride i don't know where you
are i don't know what's going on
you don't need any more detours
yeah you don't need any more detours
what happened in san francisco wes i'm
supposed to have all the answers
you're the one guy that knows i don't
it doesn't work out you can always find
me in berkeley
i just wish we could redo this whole
night so that you could see how wrong
you are
yeah i wish we can redo the whole night
so we can see how wrong you are
oh gosh we're getting good drinks
good night everyone
lisa and i had an argument last night
and then to figure out who was right we
decided to do over the entire night
exactly the way it was so that's why
we're here
[Music]
oh yeah and sarah wanted to leave i was
tired i just wanted to give you a ton
then trina got herself another drink oh
god trina what are you doing
we're gonna find out who's right
[Music]
hello we're going to find out who's
right
of no more course oh
i can't drink it anymore i have to drink
trina
ready pick trainer all right enough i'm
i'm that is why we need to redo this
exactly the way it was with the actors
please enter
hi i'm trina excuse me is this some sort
of weird gross like
casting couch orgy or something is it
cool if i take my shirt off
i made a piece
imagine having an argument with her
[Music]
hey mara this is the guy this is dick
pic dylan ew you sent her a dick pic
no that would be gross he sent me
pictures of richards
that's worse tell me something
just for me first time i saw you jed
tried wrapping his arm around you
it was a good first impression
caitlyn was cute airy hardly a reason to
pop like a zit
what happened caitlyn exploded what like
a bomb
no like a balloon what
will i get these back do you want these
back
in the hell are they gonna let us out of
here when they know it's not gonna
happen again then
going to happen again
[Music]
it happened again a lot
listen everyone's scared duh duh kids
are literally blowing up
[Music]
i think they're doing tests on us what's
your name for the record please
you can ask my lawyer i have a moment
for you where i knew i liked you
you liked me i'm just so glad i didn't
explode all over you
[Music]
what's gonna happen to us
at least now you can't say things are so
much harder back in my day
[Music]
you're right you're way worse
is
[Music]
foreign
mama the japanese are approaching from
the north
it's beginning
ah
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
is
[Music]
foreign
by
oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
kelly
massage
[Music]
so
do
[Music]
any more thought on what kind of play we
want to write
remember if you put in nothing it'll be
nothing like your career
remember this face she was one of
spotlight magazine's
30 under 30 playwrights to watch we
watched but where'd she go
how are you archie tells me you're
teaching me
how somebody who ain't had no real hit
going to tell me how to write a play she
ain't no tyler perry
i did win a 30 under 30 award yes it was
quite a couple years ago
what do i got to do write a slave
musical an all-white play
this is some it rang a little
inauthentic
i asked myself did a black person really
write this
[Music]
this some
think about me doing hip-hop doing what
to it
i want to make a mixtape about the
40-year-old woman's point of view
why my skin's so dry why am i yawning
right now
why them aarp sending to my
house
this is 40.
yo here's a little story about a girl
who's black let's add some asthma
attacks from all the courtyard crack yo
no happy blacks in the plot lines please
but a crane shot a big mama crying on
her knees
yo yo it's right on his prime
40-year-old virginia
this is about creating something that is
mine you're not just talking about
you making
i got you
you don't think i'm some crazy old girl
for doing this
i mean i ain't say all that
40 year old virgin white man
with a black woman's butt how you carry
all that back there
what the
yes what the
[Music]
judge's office
my name is sybil richardson and uh my
family is
waiting on a ruling regarding my
husband's matter
i was just wondering if you might have
any information on like an update on it
no we don't have anything yet with us on
monday
yes ma'am thank you so much
all righty thank you so much
my twins will be 18 next month
they have absolutely no idea what it
means to have a father in their house
what fathers even do
did you get any words from over at the
big house today
nothing yet okay you got a chance to
call today
i have not no okay
many of these people have no respect for
other human beings
lives
no matter how sane or how understanding
you try to be
it just will make you lose your absolute
mind
[Music]
success is the best revenge success is
you're going to show them that they
can't treat them in life this way
success is the best revenge just hang in
there because when you get them home
they gonna pay they gonna pay they're
gonna pay
[Music]
i knew that if it was gonna be it was
gonna be totally up to me
[Music]
foreign
i just have to sit back and watch
reality destroy things
keep the drama fictional if you don't
mind sometimes i
sometimes having a breakdown is a luxury
it's reassuring to have a level-headed
person like you on the set
because
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
i work in kitchens i started writing
recipes
i was looking for the next challenge
[Music]
i got this email from the met saying
we'd love you to do an event for us
cakes inspired by versailles going back
a couple of centuries and learning how
it all evolved
this is for me how do we give people a
way to
understand versailles you've had a story
through a cake
it's not just a place to the french
people it's our heritage
in the world of patisserie you've got
people who work in a very abstract way
i was fascinated by it
the pressure's always been to bring
something new to the realm of food and
drink
it's a big challenge of course these
chefs are all professionals and
are of the highest caliber imaginable
but they're at the met
the chefs only have two days oh my gosh
yeah yeah you got it some of the pastry
chefs are making things that
you can't even believe that it's food
let's get the show on the road
it's incredible pressure lots of stuff
missing
the machine's back there's a swan we
need a swan
you're missing fat that's right i think
it's too much
fat it's my person i mean i've been
doing this for 30 years
really requires such focus
this is such a thing of beauty we've
literally worked
round the clock to do something that
we've never done before wow
you never knew that anything edible
could look so beautiful
you name it gallery technicians
okay
so it didn't
stay he couldn't help
being in its way
go along
[Music]
so did you get discovered today
going on tour a small tour going on
[Music]
so what you're just gonna pull out
cancel our shows you can go
a and r not like they're gonna have a
hard time
you're really going to do this it's the
smart move man
professor's got some new big money
coming in be your own act
no no no no no it's his show he's the
star he's the singer i was never that
guy
never we're starting a band why
you need to have auditions people are
out there people are moving back home
left and right old people in iraq worthy
prices
dreamy kids i mean classic
but yeah so we're gonna try and play
fast
that would be cool you got on the nose
fest has only been going on around here
i know when was the last time we had
something to look forward to that
actually mattered
it was the biggest news we've had in ten
years you recall
the days the light the smell of those
late summer nights
just before the fall that year
my god i mean did the kids in your
school seem like their hometowns were
going through this
was their hometown in my face it's not
like we were these dreamy liberal
arts slackers i mean i got two degrees
from that place
everybody feels the same way stuck at
home out of the blue
you know i'm tired of waiting around for
somebody to give me my chance they
told us that we took the s.a.t we'd get
noticed and if we did well in school
we'd get jobs well clearly
they were wrong so yeah let's do it our
way
you know for us for the town
for the band for the band
[Music]
should be today where we should be today
foreign
[Music]
hey
foreign
[Music]
measurement
temptations
but is there true
your mama she was saying things
she would sit right beside him just
whispering
but she wasn't talking to him
we found it in her pocket
she didn't believe in god what does it
matter whether you believe
i found mom's diary what if she saw
something
out there i told you not to come
[Music]
there are things in this world horrible
things
wicked and they come for whoever they
want
[Music]
i saw something
she wasn't crazy do you smell him
he's close now
he's not out there
he's already here
your accident was winning
the car accident was four years ago
[Music]
and your injuries t11
complete or incomplete
incomplete
i still have some feelings
so dishes aren't a part of the job
description but but that is
[Music]
you never loved anyone except yourself
and your booze
stephanie called she said if you show up
here i should call her immediately
myself you can tell me
[Music]
you